New 65 ANSI Blocker layouts: Split BS, Tsangan (#8793)
qmk/qmk_firmware: layouts/default/65_ansi_blocker_tsangan/readme.md

# 65_ansi_blocker_tsangan

    LAYOUT_65_ansi_blocker_tsangan
    

> This is a Tsanagan-inspired 65% ANSI layout with a blocker next to the arrows, split backspace, and 1.5u-1u-1.5u-7u-1.5u bottom row.
>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Tsangan-inspired 65% ANSI layout with a blocker next to the arrows and 1.5u-1u-1.5u-7u-1.5u bottom row.
```
